okay couple days I got to go over really
really really quick with you guys hey
sorry for the low quality of the footage
I ran into a bunch of issues recording
this particular game I don't even want
to go into it cuz they don't have time
to go into it but let's just say fraps
didn't want to work with like either of
my super nintendo emulators so I had to
use an in-game recorder on one of the
emulators and that recorder decided it
was a really really really nice idea to
corrupt half my fucking footage um so I
missed a big part of the game for this
which is the Micro review so I can kind
of get away with that in addition you
should also know that I'm attempting to
use a different microphone because it
got people complaining that my headset
mic doesn't really handle me yelling
that loudly very well and that it you
know i should use like the noise like
you know removal in audacity except for
the fact that i don't fucking use
audacity because audacity likes to crash
and corrupt all my audio after i'm done
recording and that's really annoying so
we're going to try a different
microphone and see that helps alright
this review comes in from a guy named
Fenris silver and he wants me to review
clock tower for the Super Nintendo and I
didn't really know what to expect with
this one I'm in at a her clock tower was
scary but when I went into what I have
to admit I was a bit skeptical of that
because the Super Nintendo game and you
know when you talk about you know old
school scary games you know I mean I
don't I was under the impression the
games really didn't get truly honest to
god scary at least when it comes came to
consoles till may be the first resident
evil though I would argue that it didn't
become really scary until the first
silent hill on the same console so going
in I was like ah this game is super
defender game is not gonna be scary and
ha ha ha oh all this the wrongness of
that statement it's I swear I have made
this mistake twice now first with LSD
and now is this and let's games not
gonna be scary and the game fixes that
right up I am seriously impressed with
how well they made this game you know
like scary like it is
it is legit scary um in many ways
especially you know fortuity point and
click game on a Super Nintendo this is
this is some impressive stuff um and I
would also point out that this is one of
the earliest examples of a proper
survival horror game because it's unique
in the sense that unlike a lot of other
survival horror games like even even
resident evil and thumb and he'll
there's no combat in this this game so
it's a lot closer to like maybe silent
hill shattered Memories um or even more
so I would argue it's more like penumbra
or amnesia for the pc if you play
neither of those games where there's no
combat really you don't you don't fight
anything you you run from from
everything and in this case it's just
one basically this is one serial killer
scissor man um and and you run from him
and that's that's what you do you know
it's about survival it's not about
fighting at all and it's either they're
opposed solve and items to collect it
feels a lot like a classic survival
horror experience and thus I would say
this is an early example of that I think
that there were a few other games on the
pc that we're out for this one but this
is the first nipple i can think of
Licata console and considering the only
like proper horror games i can think of
on a console consists of splatterhouse
which doesn't exactly count in the scary
department that was more of a gore fest
um this is impressive like like honestly
I really genuinely cannot recommend this
game enough if you are a fan of the
survival horror genre it has a few
sequels that are apparently pretty
decent but I would actually recommend
this one on the basis that is the only
one I've played so far in addition I
will also mention that while this game
never saw a release out of outside of
Japan there are copies of the wrong with
hacked English translations so that that
solves that problem right now doesn't it
but but yeah if you're if you're a fan
survival horror games or point-and-click
adventure games
this is a game to try um not really much
for me because I really can't stress it
enough you know if my name is darkness
the curses i mean i like horror games I
like a small handful but I don't like
getting scared and when a game starts to
charge to scare me like outright it's
very hard for me to keep playing um
which was the case here like like it
gets pretty scary it does like
especially for what it is I was I was
genuinely surprised and impressed with
the level of depth this game had when it
came to being a horror game so
definitely full marks on this one of
give it a try if you can well worth it
if you if you're a fan of the genre the
next time this is darkness the visual
upon farewell hey guys and Slade
whoo-hoo sorry I'm feeling a bit down
today down not up and down speaking of
down though there's see some videos off
to the sides of this thing and probably
horror related and that's what I'm going
to do
down here there's probably a Silent Hill
game probably shattered memories and
over here probably going to put down
let's play a freaking cry of fear that I
never finished because sucked that game
uh no no no just no no just no and sorry
again for that local and if we did I
noticed at some points you may have
noticed there was a little bit of a
flashy effect going on between the
border of the game and the menu that
what that wasn't the game that was the
freaking recorder I mmm never again I
will next time I review a super nintendo
game which will probably be a while I
don't know I don't like to go through
the list again um I I will find a way to
correct that problem but I got away with
it this once um the law of the video in
the description you will find a bunch of
links you should click on namely
Facebook and Twitter and patreon maybe
not patron or no silly i don't know but
facebook and twitter you should put it
on because it doesn't cost you any money
that's always nice ah but specifically
you should also click the like or
dislike button preferably in the like
button I like that one lot better than a
dislike button but if you didn't like
this video for whatever reason you can
also click the dislike button that is
also an option open to you preferably
like this like is okay
but definitely click that like button
yeah also click on me if you feel like
subscribing that's a good idea if you
want more content more videos what you
want more than you need to subscribe do
it yeah